c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\RadialSlider.g.i.cs
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\RadialSlider.g.cs
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\RadialSlider.xaml
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\RadialSlider.xbf
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Debug\RadialSlider.xbf
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Debug\RadialSlider.xr.xml
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Debug\Galazzo.winmd
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Debug\Galazzo.pdb
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Debug\Galazzo.pri
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\Galazzo.winmd
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\Galazzo.pdb
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\Galazzo.winmdobj
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\Galazzo.compile.pdb
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
