c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Release\RadialSlider.xbf
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Release\RadialSlider.xr.xml
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Release\Galazzo.winmd
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Release\Galazzo.pdb
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\bin\Release\Galazzo.pri
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\RadialSlider.g.i.cs
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\RadialSlider.g.cs
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\RadialSlider.xaml
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\RadialSlider.xbf
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\Galazzo.winmd
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\Galazzo.pdb
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\Galazzo.winmdobj
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\Galazzo.compile.pdb
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\priconfig.xml
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\layout.resfiles
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\resources.resfiles
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\pri.resfiles
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\sebastiano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RadialSlider\RadialSlider\obj\Release\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
